# ILIAS and Traefik with Docker Compose

This Docker Compose setup contains a configuration for deploying [ILIAS](https://www.ilias.de/) with a [Traefik](https://traefik.io/) reverse proxy and a MySQL database.

## Prerequisites

- Docker Engine and Docker Compose installed
- A domain that points to the server's IP address

## Usage

To start the Docker Compose setup, run the following command in the directory containing the `docker-compose.yml` file:

docker-compose up -d


## Configuration

The Docker Compose setup includes environment variables that you can set to customize the configuration of the containers. Some of the key variables are:

- `DOMAIN`: Your domain that points to the server.
- `ILIAS_DB_PASSWORD`: The password for the ILIAS database user.
- `MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD`: The password for the MySQL root user.
- `TRAEFIK_CERT_EMAIL`: The email address used when generating Let's Encrypt certificates.

You can modify the Traefik configuration in the `docker-compose.yml` file.

## Volumes

This Docker Compose setup uses several volumes to persist data between container restarts and make it easier to backup or move the data to another system. The volumes created are:

- `/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro`: Exposes the Docker daemon's Unix socket to Traefik.
- `./letsencrypt:/letsencrypt`: Stores the Let's Encrypt certificates generated by Traefik.
- `./html:/var/www/html/data`: Mounts the ILIAS data directory as a volume to store uploaded files, user data, etc.
- `./ilias/data:/var/iliasdata/ilias`: Mounts the ILIAS data directory as a volume to persist ILIAS's configuration and data.
- `./mysql-data:/var/lib/mysql`: Stores the MySQL database data.

## Customization

You can customize this Docker Compose setup to your specific needs by modifying the configuration in the `docker-compose.yml` file.

## License

This Docker Compose setup is licensed under the MIT License. Read the [License file](LICENSE.md) for more information.
